Tribeca is an entirely different rule
where I live
thank you guys know where I am right now
beam's for those t-shirts
Miguel works for you how are you working
here I've been here for over a year over
a year
yeah and I'm slowly getting my voice
back guys I've been struggling I've been
sick I'm a sucker for all things white
and green yeah implants I need to get
some plants in my life I'm gonna have to
come back and get one of those hats yep
test phones only look at that oh my gosh
Alvaro what is your favorite theme shirt
I like the iPhone one yeah that's that's
the one that you have right yeah what's
up Bobby look who's here it's Chuck we
are at beam HQ we're about to livestream
are we gonna let Street we're talking
about our top five favorite apps you
already know my favorite app is I think
I think so it's hard to choose just five
it's aware that we live in a world that
like our attention is divided it's like
20 different hours I know think about it
think about all the apps that you use
just in one day it's insane
okay I have candy welcome to the stream
guys Sarah welcome to New York City you
live here now you I live here in New
York City it's been real and you finally
made it to the bean HQ I yes I am in
beam HQs Tribeca we were just talking
about how beautiful Tribeca is compared
to where I live in like Midtown so
here's a little insider secret about
this neighborhood that you might not
know Broadway is splits Tribeca in
Chinatown and so we're on the Chinatown
side we'd like to call it Tribeca I
think it's like kind of fancy traffic
it's terrific today we're talking about
our top five favorite social media apps
number five snapchat and number five for
Sara the median pay attention is on
other apps right now but it's still
compelling and honestly when you guys
release video reactions that's when it
became interesting video reactions are
good someone said it's not a party
without Lacroix I completely agree do
you guys have Lacroix here at your
office we got this is it a garage not
the same it's boring Casey actually
banned Lacroix from the office yeah I
got medium need number for my number
four is snapped up but the reason why
it's now chose number four and it's not
number three is because of a recent
update it's the gram Oh Instagram me -
RAM - yeah Instagram update half of me
was very salty about it you know I'm
like I have spent this past year
building up this following on snapchat
do not take this away from me do not
take this away but I also talked about
how Instagram has been this thing that
hasn't organically been growing we've
got me really trying you know I post
cool pictures there is a lot of explore
and discovery features so people
naturally fine
and I've been having a lot of engagement
so I'm like this could actually be a
very cool thing so I posted my first
story yesterday it has already gotten
more engagement than I've ever had on
snapchat snapchat it's kinda like it's
all hidden like you don't know how many
people are really watching and what is
that and the other thing so I think the
fact that people already have these
established audience it's just an easy
way to like put out a little bit like
like little pieces of little tidbits of
info number two number two some people
guys did Twitter we've all have twitter
both like Twitter more than Instagram
yeah what is interesting yeah because I
was a picture of a thousand words and a
tweet is only like 40 characters that
should be on the Hat or something that
was beautifully said it's time team oh
my gosh have you been honest it's like
pretty sketchy
how many offices do you get to
skateboard around in not many yes I've
heard so so many good things about
spiteful bye bye guys it's so nice to
meet everyone yes it was fun streaming
fun hanging out with Jack and the crew
I'm about to go have dinner with some
people from Nashville before I want to
eat a little ice cream because I'm an
adult I can do what I want
right is my way or the lame way surprise
another camera I was like - some people
from Nashville it's like a little slice
of home yes what's your name awesome
thanks Harris what do you do background
is of an illusionist to around the world
for the last 20 years of my life doing
magic shows jigsaw weird and it's
awesome and now I spend most of my time
building the stages that other people
perform on
drink this conference called story which
is in Nashville this year yeah it's a
conference for creatives it's a two-day
conference it's like fuel for the
creative flux I'm Matt I am a filmmaker
out of Nashville as well we're done with
Harris did some story stuff with Harris
as well
do you now working on a documentary in
there what did you guys do today we've
shot a man on street interviews we've
been asking New Yorkers some questions
today was like pickup shot neighbors
really awesome that's how I got
connected at them they're like checking
out story gathering I was like this is a
really cool conference and Casey and
Jeremy Cowart are speaking it's gonna be
really cool I have I told you guys that
I live on the fifth fifth floor walk-up
on the fifth floor yet I'm gonna be
getting my work on it but also cuz I've
been so sick I'm very very short of
breath all the time today was fun and
very very busy thanks for hanging out
with me sorry I have missed a couple of
logs I've just been sick hints that I
sound like a man voice if you have not
watched it yet I just released these
season 3 of creative spaces TV trailer
just released a trailer so make sure to
watch that until the next time I will
see you tomorrow have a fabulous day
stay peachy okay bye making something
come to life
it's addicting it's like my favorite
thing in the world creative spaces TV is